[Autogenerated] Hello, everyone.
My name is Andrew Estes and welcome to my course on managing A W s operations.
I am currently a cloud architect for CSG International.
There are five pillars to the well architected framework provided by AWS,
and this course will help you meet.
All of them in this course were actually going to work
through optimizing our AWS operations.
To be is efficient and hands off.
It's possible some of the major topics we cover are
going to include a W s systems manager.
We're gonna look at cloudwatch logging and alerting.
We're gonna learn how we can leverage AWS to meet compliance requirements
and then we're gonna work on optimizing our storage.
By the end of this course,
you're going to know how to truly optimize your own AWS accounts.
It's a lot easier than you think.
Now, before beginning,
you should be familiar with some of the core AWS
technologies such as I am cloudwatch and as three,
for example, from here,
you're really going to start feeling comfortable diving into automation
related deep dives with courses on utilizing automation in a W.
S may be looking at more advanced monitoring and logging specific to
your needs or even s three related deep dives.
So I hope you'll join me on this journey toe.
Learn the best way to optimize your AWS workloads with the Managing AWS operations course at plural site.